README.md, before:

# Con Fusion Server

This is the backend server for a restaurant named _Con Fusion_,
a practice project to learn javascript backend development.

It is written using
[Node.js](https://nodejs.org) as runtime,
[Express.js](https://expressjs.com) as application framework.
The project structure was generated by
[Express Generator](https://expressjs.com/en/starter/generator.html)

It will use [MongoDB](https://mongodb.com) as the persistent data store (soon).


## Requirements

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) (and [npm](https://npmjs.com))


## How do I see it in action?

Just clone and run:

1.  Clone the repo, and `cd` into it

        $ git clone https://github.com/munikarmanish/coursera-nodejs-confusion
        $ cd coursera-nodejs-confusion

2.  Initall npm dependencies

        $ npm install

3.  Start the server

        $ DEBUG=coursera-nodejs-confusion:* npm start   # debug mode (produces helpful console output)
        $ npm start                                     # production mode

4.  Send requests at http://localhost:3000


## Reference

- [Server-side Development with NodeJS, Express and MongoDB, Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/learn/server-side-nodejs)

Commit message:

added mongoose to /dishes endpoint

README.md, after:

# Con Fusion Server

This is the backend server for a restaurant named _Con Fusion_,
a practice project to learn javascript backend development.

It is written using
[Node.js](https://nodejs.org) as runtime,
[Express.js](https://expressjs.com) as application framework.
The project structure is generated by
[Express Generator](https://expressjs.com/en/starter/generator.html)
It uses [MongoDB](https://mongodb.com) as the persistent data store,
and [Mongoose](https://mongoosejs.com) ODM (object-document mapper).


## Requirements

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) (and [npm](https://npmjs.com))
- [MongoDB](https://mongodb.com)


## How do I see it in action?

First of all, start a MongoDB server at port 54321. For example:

    $ mongod --dbpath=/tmp/data --port=54321

Then just clone and run:

1.  Clone the repo, and `cd` into it

        $ git clone https://github.com/munikarmanish/coursera-nodejs-confusion
        $ cd coursera-nodejs-confusion

2.  Initall npm dependencies

        $ npm install

3.  Start the server

        $ DEBUG=coursera-nodejs-confusion:* npm start   # debug mode (produces helpful console output)
        $ npm start                                     # production mode

4.  Send requests to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)


## Reference

- [Server-side Development with NodeJS, Express and MongoDB, Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/learn/server-side-nodejs)
